You consent to provide Personal Information (such as alias, profile images, gender, hometown, self-introduction, social media information, education, and career) when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services.
We use Personal Information for the following purposes: customization of content.
We perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in contents, products, advertising, or services available on Bigo Services to develop and display content tailored to your interests on our Website and App.
We use Personal Information to identify users not meeting the age limit.
We use Personal Information to diagnose or fix technology problems.
We use Personal Information to detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement.
You provide personal information when using the Bigo Services, such as during the Bigo account creation process.
You may take actions on the Bigo Services that are public or intended to be public, like broadcasting content, posting profile information, following a channel, or subscribing to a broadcast channel.
We collect, use, or disclose information that is part of the social interaction when you engage in social activities on the Bigo Services.
We design some features of the Bigo Services to provide others with information about user activity, such as identifying the user who created a particular Clip or the subscription status of users for a given channel.
We collect Personal Information (such as social network contacts) when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services, provided you give permission to access your contacts when activating the "Discover Friends" function.
We collect Personal Information such as payment information (including full name, billing address, billing zip code, billing country, date of birth, purchase amount, payment method, credit or debit card number or other payment information) when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services, such as uploading contents on the App or contacting us for technical support.
We use Personal Information when the applicable laws allow us to.
We use Personal Information for performance analysis to determine whether users of Bigo Services are unique or whether the same user is using Bigo Services on multiple occasions.
We monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, number of videos viewed, demographic patterns using Personal Information.
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes allowed by applicable laws: to present Bigo Services and its contents to you, including any interactive features, and to provide you with information, products or services that you allow us to.
We collect and use Personal Information to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotion activities and sweepstakes.
We may require Personal Information for you to register as a user, purchase Paid Services, participate in a promotion, survey, sweepstakes, or make complaints on Bigo Services.
We share Personal Information outside of Bigo Services when we have your consent, either express or implied.
We will take appropriate steps to delete the Personal Information of persons under 18 if we learn that it has been collected on or through the BIGO Services.
You provide Personal Information (such as information when participating in in-app surveys and activities) when creating an account on the App or using Bigo Services.
You may object to the processing of any Personal Information we collect about you if such information is collected on the basis of legitimate interests, at any time by using the Help or Feedback function on Bigo Services or by sending your request to us via email at feedback@bigo.tv.
We may reject your request if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests and freedom or the processing is for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
We collect Personal Information (such as information and UGC) when you participate in our events, promotions, challenges, contests, and sweepstakes, or during other interactions with our social media sites.
We collect cookies and small pieces of data to enable us to provide certain features when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests.
We use cookies and small pieces of data collected by us or our business partners to measure and understand the web pages you click on and how you use Bigo Services.
We collect cookies and small pieces of data to enhance your experience using Bigo Services.
We may disclose or share Personal Information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets.
Personal Information held by us about our users is among the assets transferred if such a sale or transfer occurs.
We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the entity to which we transfer Personal Information uses the information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
We may process your Personal Information for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we use your Personal Information.
We receive your Global Positioning System information when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services, such as uploading contents on the App or contact us for technical support, after you permit us to do so. However, you may change the access to your GPS information via the settings on your mobile device.
We use your Personal Information for content review to ensure compliance with applicable content regulations in any relevant jurisdiction. This includes reviewing pictures, images, and contents posted or generated on Bigo Services.
We collect Personal Information (such as mobile advertising identifiers like Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID) when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests to help us and advertisers provide ads that may be more relevant to your interests.
You may submit a request to rectify the Personal Information we collect about you by using the Help or Feedback function on Bigo Services or by sending your request to us via email at feedback@bigo.tv.
We use Personal Information for customer management purposes, including managing a registered user's account, providing customer support, and sending notices about the user's account or subscription.
We use Personal Information to notify registered users about changes to Bigo Services or any other product or service we offer or provide through it.
We use Personal Information for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services by presenting new services, information, recommendations, and feedback.
We use your Personal Information for communication purposes, such as sending notifications regarding upcoming changes, promotion activities, or improvements on Bigo Services.
We collect Personal Information (such as opt-in choices, correspondence with us, information used to verify your account, or to resolve your feedback or complaints) when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services, such as uploading contents on the App or contacting us for technical support.
We collect, use, and disclose personal information from and about users who visit and use the Bigo Services.
We collect metadata, which describes other data and provides information about how, when, and by whom the piece of UGC was collected and how that UGC was formatted, such as hashtags used to label the keywords to the video and captions, when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests.
We collect Personal Information from other sources, which may include information from games or services you use, or social media networks such as Facebook when you have approved our access.
We obtain additional information from third parties and sources other than the BIGO Services.
When you access the BIGO Services through social media networks or connect the BIGO Services to social media networks, you authorize BIGO to collect, store, and use such additional information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for compliance with our terms of use and to meet our legal obligations.
We collect Personal Information (such as date of birth, phone number, email, password, user identifier, and language) when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services.
You consent to provide Personal Information (such as information from social media) when you create a Bigo account by connecting with a third-party social media service.
You provide information (such as social media details) when you link a Bigo account with a third-party social media account.
We collect Personal Information (such as device identifiers, operating system, browser type, brand, model, serial number of your mobile device, Internet Protocol address, mobile carrier, screen resolution, language setting, IMEI number, IMSI number, and media access control address) when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests.
You consent to provide Personal Information (such as transaction serial number and transaction historical records) when you purchase Paid Services on the App or use Bigo Services.
We collect location information (such as information based on your SIM card) for legitimate interests when you use Bigo Services.
We collect, use, and share information to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify you.
Aggregated data may be derived from your Personal Information but is not considered Personal Information as it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
We may aggregate your usage data to calculate statistics about our users, to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature, or to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on.
We use your Personal Information for purposes such as aggregation, which involves combining information we collect about you to fulfill one or more of the purposes described above.
We collect Personal Information (such as browsing history, search history, visited videos or pages, date and time of visits, subscribed user accounts, interaction information with other users) when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests.
We collect Personal Information regarding your access to and use of other apps when you use Bigo Services for legitimate interests.
You may submit a request to access the Personal Information we collect about you by using the Help or Feedback function on Bigo Services or by sending your request to us via email at feedback@bigo.tv.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users.
We may share aggregated information with third parties for conducting general business analysis.
This information does not contain any Personal Information and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest.
We receive Personal Information when you create an account on the App or use Bigo Services, including user-generated contents ("UGC") such as comments, texts, messages, pictures, images, videos, sounds, code, or other data or materials that you upload, distribute, or stream on the App when you use Bigo Services.
We may erase the Personal Information we collect about you upon your request using the Help or Feedback function on Bigo Services or by sending your request to us via email at feedback@bigo.tv.
Though we cannot guarantee a complete erasure of your data that has been stored in our backup servers, we promise not to use the data within the backup servers for any other purpose.
We take appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security measures to safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure.
Only authorized employees are permitted to access Personal Information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions.
We use encryption in the transmission of certain Personal Information between your system and ours.
We use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your Personal Information.
We cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of your Personal Information.
You should use caution whenever submitting information through Bigo Services and take special care in deciding which information you provide us with.
We access, preserve and share Personal Information with regulators, law enforcement or others when we reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
We enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, by accessing, preserving and sharing Personal Information.
We detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities by accessing, preserving and sharing Personal Information.
We protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or other third parties by accessing, preserving and sharing Personal Information.
We maintain and protect the security and integrity of Bigo Services or infrastructure by accessing, preserving and sharing Personal Information.
We use Personal Information when the applicable laws allow us to.
We use Personal Information for purposes such as automatically collecting information, measuring and analyzing which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhancing your experience using the Platform, and improving our services.
We and our vendors and service providers use Cookies to enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality.
Cookies are small files placed on your device that enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality.
We use Web beacons, also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs," to recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.
We collect Personal Information such as facial data when you use features to create special effects or emojis for your streaming section or pictures that you upload on Bigo Services, but we will only process this data offline for the purpose of fulfilling the special effects or emojis and will not use it for other purposes unless we have obtained your explicit consent or turned it into de-identified data.
We do not use your facial data for marketing or advertising, nor do we share such data with any third party.
We collect your profile picture and facial-recognition video for Real-Person Profile Picture Authentication when you utilize this feature, and we do not retain your face recognition video in our servers; such video is merely for verifying.
