We collect and use information that you voluntarily share on Boomplay, which may include postings you make (such as public profile, name, identification number, address, email address, social media login details, telephone number, information about your device, browsing records, comments, account and billing details, lists created, and photos, videos, and voice recordings with your prior consent through your device settings).
We also collect information about you (including location data and log data) that others who use Boomplay share about you.
The information you share with us will remain publicly-available as long as you or a user that has shared such information retains it.
We automatically collect certain data from you, including IP address or other unique device identifiers such as Google advertising ID, Android ID, Identifier for Advertising, Cookies, mobile carrier, time zone and locale setting, operating system and platform, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, Bluetooth signals, International Mobile Equipment Identity, International Mobile Subscriber Identity, data from device settings: information we receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, photos, videos and voice recordings and such other information on your device.
We use any automated decision-making, including profiling, based on the data automatically collected from you, solely for optimizing the Services and tailoring it to your preferences.
We collect and process information about your location, including location data based on your SIM card, IP address, or mobile device location settings, and by use of a Global Positioning System if activated on your mobile device.
We use such location information to provide you with location-based services, such as features, notifications, marketing, or other content that is influenced by your location.
You can switch off GPS functionality on your mobile device if you do not wish to share your GPS location with us.
We collect and use metadata when you Post content, including images, text, and audio to Boomplay.
Metadata describes other data and provides information about your content that may not always be evident to the viewer.
In connection with your content, metadata can describe how, when, and by whom the piece of content was collected, and how that content is formatted.
Metadata also includes information such as your account name that enables other users to trace back the content to your user account.
Metadata further consists of additional data that you choose to provide with the content, such as any hashtags used to mark keywords to the comments.
We collect contact information from your contact list, address book, and your social network to help you and others find people you may know and enable you to link your Boomplay contact list with the contact lists on your device and in your account on third party services.
We ask for your consent to access your contact list and address book before doing so.
You may at any time allow or disallow us to access your contact list and address book by changing your settings.
We store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format after you have terminated your use of our Services.
We retain personal information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve and litigate disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We collect information from third-party services when you create a Boomplay account by connecting with them, including your third-party service user name, gender, profile image, birthday, and third-party service contact list.
