We will make previous versions of this statement available if we make a change to it, so you can see when changes occurred and what they are.
We will notify you of any material changes to this statement by means of a notice on Lenovo's website; in an applicable Lenovo Product or software experience; or by an email sent to the email address specified in your account at the time the changes become effective.
We will seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use or transfer your personal information where applicable data protection laws require us to do so.
We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We collect Motorola device identifiers, Google account information, IP address, user interactions with app content, list of applications installed on your device, and certain related device and app usage data while using Hello You.
We use the information described to measure the use of our app, to improve the content of our app, and to provide tailored recommendations and content for each user, which may include targeted advertisements.
We may use your device IP address to collect information about your general location.
Motorola may share this information with its content and marketing partners, such as news services, marketing agencies, and advertising partners; and with data hosting and processing service partners.
You must provide your interests in areas such as entertainment, sports, politics, business, and technology for Hello You to provide tailored content.
You may choose to disable the Hello You app at any time and you may also modify your selected areas of interest by accessing the preferences in your account settings page.
We take steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal information or complying with your request according to applicable law and our privacy and security standards.
We may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your Lenovo account if you have one.
We may request additional limited information from you to verify your identity if you do not have a Lenovo account or an email address on file with us.
We may deny your request if you do not have an account with Lenovo, an email address on file, or if we are unable to verify your identity in our records.
We collect certain information (such as name, address, email address, language, region/country, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, and activation data about operating system) from you if you create a Lenovo ID or Motorola ID or register your products.
We use this information to administrate your account or profile, provide services you requested, and provide communications, including marketing messages that you choose to receive from Lenovo.
The information collected and retained by Lenovo for these purposes may be shared with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing, and marketing services to and on behalf of Lenovo.
In countries with privacy laws that differ from those in your own country, Lenovo will still handle information as described here.
We will take necessary measures to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information in such countries.
Where required, Lenovo will maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or suppliers to govern the transferring, processing and protection of personal information.
We collect personal and non-personal information about you to manage marketing, advertising, or promotional campaigns and communications, or to facilitate participation in events, contests, or surveys.
We may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age or date of birth, Lenovo Product information, user profile data, and additional personal information that you choose to provide.
We use this information to send product support notices, announcements, newsletters, and invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys when allowed by applicable laws.
We gather information (including personal information) voluntarily from you while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites, your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport or Motorola ID account, your contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Products registration information, and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
We use your user profile to troubleshoot problems you may have with a Lenovo Product, service, or website.
We gather information (including personal information) voluntarily from you while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites, your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport or Motorola ID account, your contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Products registration information, and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
We use your user profile to provide certain Lenovo Products and services with the information they need to function.
We gather personal information voluntarily from you while interacting with Lenovo, such as through your use of certain areas of our websites, your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport, or Motorola ID account, your contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Products registration information, and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
We use your user profile to provide you with news, updates, and information about your Lenovo Products and services.
We collect information (such as serial number, device ID or IMEI number, product type/model, IP address, Lenovo Product usage information, and phone number associated with a Lenovo or Motorola smartphone) from you or your Lenovo Product.
We gather usage information (such as how you use your Lenovo Product and its components, instrumentation, and system functionality) about your Lenovo Product.
We gather information (including personal information) voluntarily from you while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites.
We gather information (including personal information) from your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport or Motorola ID account.
We gather information (including personal information) from your contact with our customer service representatives.
We gather information (including personal information) from Lenovo Products registration information.
We gather information (including personal information) from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
We use your user profile to provide you with information about additional Lenovo Products or services that you may be interested in if you choose to receive marketing communications.
We may not be able to provide you with the Lenovo Products, attached services, experiences or functionalities if you do not provide us with personal information where needed.
We collect, use and share information about you or your product in certain contexts.
We gather information (including personal information) voluntarily from you while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites, your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport, or Motorola ID account, your contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Products registration information, and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
We create a user profile that allows Lenovo to suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products, services, and our websites work better.
We collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Products when you create a Lenovo ID, a Motorola ID, register your Lenovo Product, or create an account through My Account or Passport.
We use your Lenovo ID or Motorola ID and related registration and account information to identify you when you use certain of our software applications (such as Lenovo Vantage) and our interactive services (like our online stores and customer support sites).
We may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies) or with our service providers and business partners.
We may transfer your personal information to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and People's Republic of China).
Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
We share personal information (such as name, Social Security number, email address, billing and delivery address, telephone number and payment information) with business partners as necessary to conduct business and complete their respective transactions when you use Motorola Marketplace.
Motorola Marketplace may contain links to websites or applications of these partners or other third parties, and the personal data you provide on such websites or applications is not subject to this Privacy Statement.
We are not responsible for the processing of your personal data by such websites or applications.
